Now this video is going to be pretty short because the private access specified is very simple to understand.
And that's exactly what we're going to talk about in this video.
All that is saying is if something is set as private then it can only and only be used from within the
class.
And nowhere else even classes inheriting from the class with private fields would or from you know with
any other private member will not give access to the children classes.
And that is all in our case we have the fields as private and the property as you can see is public.
So the fields can only be used from within our abstract class.
And we've already seen that.
No this reason why specifically we keep our fields private which is the reason why it's a best practice
to do so is because fields are the building blocks of classes and we don't want to expose the building
blocks to other classes since they can be messing around with the workings of our current class.
We want to keep the building blocks private but that is just an example for fields.
You can set other things private as well such as constructors.
You can set your properties as private.
You can set your methods as private so you know you can set.
If you have an engage and that's you know a concrete class you can set that as private.
So let's say sell.
I'm just going to comment these out or just take these out real quickly in private.
You can have a private method like that then it can only in only be used from within the salesman class.
Right.
And that's it that's all.
A private access specify is you basically you know the bottom line is that you set things private which
you don't want to be access by anything else other than your class.
And that's about it.
In the next section we will be talking about abstraction.